no what I bet you got so many playing
hate niggas feeling sound like Sadie
buddy what's up with all my GBL niggas
if you were my BF back with another
video right here go ahead and hit that
like button if you new to my channel
make sure you subscribe to be a part of
that GDLs gang nigga you know we to map
out here you know it's time to get
started right here man starting this
good friday off right here with a nice
little video right here you see the
coach got to put me in everybody give
eddie you act upon these niggas you see
I'm running around I'm on the all-white
you know I got the new shoes and stuff I
got on like this thing wanna push me an
eight-day okay you want to push me look
nigga I got jumper two boys I got jumper
do not mess with me the scores 1815 I'm
over here man I think you're gonna buy
out to be owned one you know we plan to
get the houston rockets and look at the
White Howard of their time zones away
Howard get the fuck out of here with
that shit but you see I close out on my
opponent right there he and I missing a
shot code for that bug you don't running
that PG double up double 07 look how
about the running over boy like this
magnifies their tops in the corner he
poop candy that nigga boy he's done the
White Hart got the ball in the post type
like the teachers on the way Abby's your
beast look at this Oh Annie talking
clothing is get up you see is 20 out of
20 lb we playing her at four points so
far we playing your deepest I'm on a
fast break oh my thing just letting up
at me I'm on fire banging on these
niggas man you came back with me I'll be
at a drink is yo hey dumb i do like hell
i think i really like the time when they
get like brave the coach with the real
call traveling why he ain't got no bags
this thing oh my god this thing Stewart
let's go man do i how we got the ball I
see a child running you know they
officers do the white Howard and stuff
like that they're not really not giving
James Harden abajo almost got to steel
right there but look at this bullshit
James Harden pulled up from the center
and with that bitch o loven cheatin
breath my got 6.0 rebounds one assist
right here am i doing was still hot he's
still hot on fire look oh he flopped he
flopped I'm checking back open checking
my flipping out of line but look I hit
that little mare ranch right there I was
trying to shoot at three but he here
every got back up man let's go whoo nice
Dale by Isaiah Thomson look at the ramp
is all in my way nigga my nigga
disappear blimp went black boy I swear
they should have another scam ton of a
dice game guy and I don't know father
split on deepest right here cuz slick
left my player Jerry to take some
cherries wide open i'm quite a nigga je
tere Jason Terry wide open scores 30 32
26 and I said Thompson I'm throw it up
here then I'm missing that that was the
end in the first quarter like I said if
you like this please hit the subscribe
button and bank on that like bangs on
that like bangs on that like my bangs on
that light just showing how little I
like the stuff that what happened in the
first quarter for that man so you know
i'm no I put me back games course 4636
now me out how to put the storage how we
do with my ten points down Luke the
White House shot shoot a jump shot I'm
getting read where my nigga got hops out
here way Oh pastor Isaiah buns gonna
pull a nepalese made a good decision
right here in our Simeon ball let's go
Oh got James Harden on me I know he
can't guard me take him as low as to the
right let's go James Harden who not had
no defense and you should be have no
devious on this game but look at that
wants training at the White House and
this thing I only got one well and I'm
trying to say like try think my while my
team haven't been warned against this me
you're just in a foul trouble because if
you don't get them
foul trouble you gonna be in our game
and don't have problems you know know
how problems right did but you know my
mama to raise no punch and I made that
first record I'm us to make this second
free throw right here man you know we
cut the lead down but we still losing
man we still losing you know there's
about to be the end of the second
quarter almost went back for my hometown
hold the ball right here to least give
us the last shot right here some holding
it down and talk call for isolation
braver keep on going to post up and look
I'll tell a bank on a nigger then James
Harden got away with a foul right there
man it got away with a foul Ref
should've called fat man they call fell
all through the fucking game up why
can't you my fam you know that was in
and a half
we love
thank you yep well coach put me back in
right here man and uh we're just trying
to know and we still down it's down by
the wood 13 now shells go man but they
put me back in we got down by more than
13 that man I'm end up scoring right
there knocking is over man I'm trying to
bring our team my team back they don't
have a pair of score so you know huh
miss by climbing a bit harder but James
hard to miss that shot right there
crossing over okay this little nigga I'm
finding my teammate right there to the
mechanistic 10-point game and they kept
home like the coach took me out that was
the inner third put it right there but
the coast of meal and look at the mic
how I took golf with the charge and
stuff I ran over that nigga letting a
lucky waiting I'll got posterized if I
got posterized I was a bang on that boy
I can't rebound snatching snatch it from
the white Howard like no nigga no nigga
let's go plant good defense trying to
come back on a run right here man come
back going on we playing the deep it to
us stay right there i bought the white
house shot right there and go off the
backboard it's going running down the
flow Jere's ring at the ball better than
me look keep banging on let's go man so
GPL thing what I'm telling my nigga ok
let's go said I might do like the best
dunker out right now right I'm telling
you on there I get it in man I get it in
really come down to court knock him down
um past my teammate I see Jeff Green
wide open pull that three I mean that
they're too man why didn't you to put a
three let's go 102 103 yep me my my
point so try to play defense you're not
got 22 points four rebounds three
assists man i'm doing my thang right now
you know I'm doing my thang and so we
playing good defense good steel you know
let's go you know I know what the set at
nigga up send them up and like a plan
good deepest again and look I should
have just dude a lot or I should just
take in myself right cuz this nigga miss
buffalo free throws right that's that
bullshit humans low for the free throws
and we had a chance
cuz they feel they had both of them
three free throws who you know scrotum
and closer and this 20 seconds on the
clock and we just trying to make
something happen but we already know we
already down by nine points I uh oh I
should have got the m1 that's pretty
much the game right there there and like
I said if you liked the video please hit
the thumbs up and subscribe to me and
I'm GPL you know I play on a Hall of
Famer Bret ain't no questions asked
nigga ah Mau ease